# Use Case Diagram
Model of the syntax

Everything in the box is system specific

Everything outside the box is supportive

Ovals define the name of a module of the system

outside the box are users or subsystems that utilize the system

Ovals can connect to other systems, this is an interface

## Best practices
Primary actors - on left side
supporting actors on the right side of the rect.

Actors represented as stick man or a box with `<<actor>>` as a header

Actors are what known as stereotypes
- class representation
- a customer doesn't know what a class is
- We stereotype these items so customers will understand

Processes are linked to modules (ovals)
- links are interfaces

## How

Big box is the boundary of the system

Abstraction
- Adding users, deleting users, updating users may be individual functions concerning the use case, but the diagram would get unnecessarily loud if each of these were an oval
- "Manage users" is an appropriate abstraction for the above functions - it encapsulates all
- The name of the oval should imply some action being taken
- The actors, in contrast, are statically named (customer, cashier, whatever)

`what is separation of concern?`
## The steps
1. Extract verb/verb phrases (actions) from the specification
2. Identify candidate use cases (the ovals)
	1. Is this entity relevant?
	2. Is this entity w/in the scope of the system?
	3. Is this entity at the highest level of abstraction?
	4. Decide the name of use case
3. Identify candidate users
4. Candidate users are taken are taken from the Class Diagram
5. Draw the use cases
6. Identify relationships between candidate users and use cases
7. Obtain from specification and customer
8. Draw the relationships
	- Just use a straight line
	- Don't complicate things unnecessarily with arrows if you don't know the meaning of the arrows
	- Grant says "Don't try to understand include/extend! Don't use arrows!"
	- Why? These are models. Preemptively making this decision can fuck up the process later.
		- Extend/include money? integers for coin and paper or floating point cash? This type distinction made early on does not add to our conceptualization occurring in the model.
		- Wait to make the decision...if it needs to be made at all
	- Include/Extend deals with hard code...don't worry about his until we are writing the code implementation

Two goals:
- What are the functionalities (use cases)?
- Who are the actors?

## Campus Connection Example
"Student Records", "Financial Aid", "Information Center" would each be a use case (oval)
- "access" each of these functions
Big Box -> Campus Connection
Actors
- Faculty
- Students
Financial aid would likely interact with subsystem of banking, accounting, etc








