# Assignment 2
- do not include methods/functions

`Below shit is from the textbook`

# Introduction
Psychology is an important skill because we need to be able to predict how our users will comprehend and feel about the products we produce

Technical writing
- we need to be able to accurately document our products

Human factors and ergonomics
- How easily our products are easy for humans to use

User experience design
- are we designing for expert user? Novice users?

Sociology and anthropology
- cultural targets

User expectations
- Users have expectations about how programs should act
- How good is the tutorial? is there a tutorial? Should there need to be a tutorial or should it all be intuitive?
	- Microsoft programs are terrible for intuitive use. Fuck Microsoft.

User error vs. bad design

UI contributes to success actions

Communities
- Businesses
- Industries
- Countries
	- Languages
	- Culture
- Family use

Customization
- Are users allowed to customize the look and feel?
- Desktop customization can increase productivity for individual users

# Usability Goals and Measures

Successful Designers
- go beyond vague notions of "user friendliness", "intuitive", and "natural"
	- do more than simply making checklists and subjective guidelines
- Have understanding of diverse community of users and tasks to be accomplished
- Study evidence-based guidelines and pursue the research literature when necessary

How specifically are the users going to navigation the application or accomplish the task?
- What do they see? What must they click? How efficient is it? What gets in the way?

`US Web Design Standards`
- some gsa.gov url

Great designers
- seek to enhance the user experience
- Empowers user and invokes confidence in the system
	- strengthens resolve when facing difficult choices, time pressures, tight budgets
- Knows how to invoke the appropriate emotional response

Ascertaining the users' needs
- functionality must match the need or else users will reject or under-utilize the product
- Determines what tasks and sub-tasks must be carried out
- How easy it to use "out of the box?"

Assurance of reliability
- actions must function as specified
- System available when needed
- Errors are handled and address appropriately
	- Errors happen rarely if at all
- Data displayed is accurate
- Data is secure

Standardization, integration, consistency, portability
























